For all instructions, please check README.pdf in the repository.

## Overview

This replication package contains data and code to replicate the analysis from **Discrimination that Matters: Replication with Extensions of "Perceived Discrimination and Political Behaviour" (2020)**. Two data sources, Fisher et al. 2012 & Diehl et al. 2016, were analyzed using `R` and `Stata`. The package includes three pre-processing `.do` files and 2 analysis `.r` scripts that generate 5 figures and 7 tables in the paper, as well as 22 figures and 58 tables in the appendix. The entire process is expected to run for about 25 minutes in total.

### Data Availability and Provenance Statements

- [ ] This paper does not involve analysis of external data (i.e., no data are used or the only data are generated by the authors via simulation in their code).

#### Statement about Rights

- [x] I certify that the author(s) of the manuscript have legitimate access to and permission to use the data used in this manuscript.
- [x] I certify that the author(s) of the manuscript have documented permission to redistribute/publish the data contained within this replication package. Appropriate permissions are documented in the [06_licences](https://github.com/AndrejCvetic/Replication_Material/tree/main) folder.

#### Licenses for Data

- **British Election Study Ethnic Minority Survey** (Fisher et al. 2012) is to be made available to any user without the requirement for registration for download/access under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Licence. Text of the licence is available as [cca_licence.rtf](https://github.com/AndrejCvetic/Replication_Material/tree/main/06_licences).

- **Causes and Consequences of Socio-Cultural Integration Processes among New Immigrants in Europe (SCIP)** (Diehl et al. 2016) is listed under Category A of the GESIS Access Categories. Data under Category A are released for academic research and teaching.

#### Summary of Availability

- [x] All data **are** publicly available.
- [ ] Some data **cannot be made** publicly available.
- [ ] **No data can be made** publicly available.

### Details on each Data Source

| Data Name | Data Files                                                       | Location                        | Provided | Citation         |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| British Election Study Ethnic Minority Survey                        | [british\_election\_study\_ethnic\_minority\_survey\_2010\_data\_anon](https://beta.ukdataservice.ac.uk/datacatalogue/studies/study?id=6970#!/access-data) | [01\_original\_datasets](https://github.com/AndrejCvetic/Replication_Material/tree/main/01_original_datasets) | TRUE     | Fisher et al. 2012 |
| Causes and Consequences of Socio-Cultural Integration Processes among New Immigrants in Europe (SCIP) | ZA5956\_uk\_wave1\_v1-0-0.dta; ZA5956\_nl\_wave1\_v1-0-0.dta          | [https://search.gesis.org/research_data/ZA5956](https://search.gesis.org/research_data/ZA5956) | FALSE    | Diehl et al. 2016 |

### British Election Study Ethnic Minority Survey

The **British Election Study Ethnic Minority Survey** data was downloaded from the UK Data Service (Fisher et al. 2012). Data are available to be downloaded from the [following link](https://beta.ukdataservice.ac.uk/datacatalogue/studies/study?id=6970#!/access-data). The chosen file format was `.dta` (4.62MB). A copy of the data is provided as part of the replication package in folder [01_original_datasets](https://github.com/AndrejCvetic/Replication_Material/tree/main/01_original_datasets).

**Datafile**: `british_election_study_ethnic_minority_survey_2010_data_anon`

### Causes and Consequences of Socio-Cultural Integration Processes among New Immigrants in Europe (SCIP)

The **Causes and Consequences of Socio-Cultural Integration Processes among New Immigrants in Europe (SCIP)** (Diehl et al. 2016) data was downloaded from the [following link](https://search.gesis.org/research_data/ZA5956). In the section Downloads, under Datasets, the chosen file format is Stata `.zip` archive (`ZA5956_v1-0-0.dta.zip Stata (Dataset)`). The entire archive has 3.19 MB. Out of the downloaded data, the following files were used: `ZA5956_uk_wave1_v1-0-0.dta` & `ZA5956_nl_wave1_v1-0-0.dta` in this research. Data are not provided in this repository but can be downloaded freely after registering with GESIS.

**Datafile**: `ZA5956_uk_wave1_v1-0-0.dta` (not provided)

**Datafile**: `ZA5956_nl_wave1_v1-0-0.dta` (not provided)

